DOCSP-33172 added meta description for top 250 pages in docs-node (#832)
mongodb/docs-node: source/fundamentals/crud/read-operations/retrieve.txt

Retrieve Data
=============

.. meta::

>    :description: Hands-on tutorial performing find operations to retrieve data from your MongoDB database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :description: Learn how to perform find operations to retrieve data from your MongoDB database by following this tutorial.
```
